N-grams are fundamental
concepts in NLP.
You can use them in
speech recognition,
spelling correction,
augmentative communication,
and many other things.
In this video, you will see
an overview of what
you'll be learning.
Let's take a look. This week,
you'll create an
n-gram language model
from a text corpus.
Recall that a text
corpus is typically
a large database
of text documents,
such as all the pages
on the Wikipedia,
all books from one author or
all tweets from one account.
A language model is a tool that
calculates the
probabilities of sentences.
You can think of a sentence
as a sequence of words.
Language models
can also estimate
the probability of
an upcoming word
given a history of
previous words.
For example, if you
begin an e-mail, "Hello,
how are," your e-mail
application may guess
that the next word you want
to write is the word you,
as in hello, how are you?
In the assignment,
you'll build your own
n-gram language model
and apply it to auto
complete a given sentence.
First it will process
a text corpus into
a language model.
Users of your
autocomplete system
will provide the starting
words of a sentence.
The model that you will build
will then allow you to query
for the most likely words
following the starts
of that sentence.
Then it's outputs that as
a suggestion to
complete the sentence.
While you are going to focus on
the autocomplete
application this week,
language models are widely
used in other areas as well.
Language models are used in
speech recognition to convert
the outputs into real words.
For example, if
an acoustic model
converts speech to
text, and it's hears,
"I saw a van," then the
speech to text system can use
a language model
to know that it's
more likely the sentence was,
"I saw a van" and not
"eyes awe of an."
Language models are also used
in spelling correction to
identify words that should be
replaced based on the
sentence there in.
Probabilities are also important
for augmentative
communication systems.
These are systems that
can take a series of
hand gestures from a user
to help them form
words and sentences.
People like Stephen Hawking,
who are unable to
physically talk or sign,
can instead use simple movements
to select towards from
a menu and then the system
can speak for them.
Word prediction using
language models can
be used to suggest likely
words for the menu.
Here's what you'll
be doing this week.
First, you will transform
your raw text corpus
into a language model,
which returns the probability of
the next word by using the
previous words of a sentence.
Next, you'll adapt
your language model to
deal with words the model
hasn't seen during training.
These words are called
out of vocabulary words.
Smoothing is another
technique that you can
use to deal with
previously unseen inputs.
Probability of unseen words and
sentences can still be
successfully estimated this way.
Smoothing essentially
pretends that each word and
phrase appears in the training
corpus at least once.
This helps to calculate
the probability even for
unusual words and sequences.
Finally, I'll show
you how to choose
the best language model
with the perplexity metric,
a new tool for your toolkits.
When you combine these skills,
you'll be able to
successfully implement
a sentence auto-completion model
in this week's assignments.
Now that you have an overview
of what you're going to learn,
we will dive in and
start by showing
you n-gram probabilities
in the next video.